Sneakin.
Drake.
This is all God's doing man you can't plan it.
But if the devil's in the details then I'm satanic.

My accountant say you sinking like the Titanic.
David Blaine last summer man you had to vanish.
I get the hits like somebody pitching underhanded.
Got my Spanish ting convinced that I know Spanish.

You ain't own it right away, you had to wait on niggas.
Man I'm only 29 have some patience with us.
Plus I never met nobody from my label nigga.
I just pop up with the music then they pay a nigga.

I still love it but I used to love it more.
Face time with my shawty on tour.
And she texting purple hearts cause she know we at war, yeah.
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'.

Make me call my bros for assistance.
You gon make me call my bros for assistance.
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'.
Put me in a fucked up position.

Make me call my bro.
Baby I'm a savage I ain't romantic.
When I come around these rappers niggas start to panic.
And they pockets going under like the Titanic.

They was hatin' on me then and they hatin' now.
She was playing with me then but she waitin' now.
Used to sleep inside a den I got acres now.
I was fighting niggas then but I'm spraying now (blasting).

I won't spend a dime on a freak bitch.
Niggas takin' cheap shots on some cheap shit.
They the type to stand in line for some free shit.
Babygirl gon suck it til her jaws locked.

We the ones poppin', we the ones shoppin'.
We the one droppin', niggas we the ones.
They the ones duckin' when them heaters come.
You that nigga snitchin' on your people huh.

Pussy niggas gettin' shot for all that reachin' huh.
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'.
Can't afford mistakes, not on this end.
Make me call my bros for assistance.

Niggas keep reaching and dissin'.
Put me in all fucked up position.
Make me call my bros, for assistance.
Make me call my bro.

I just hit the beat and float.
And I'm selling out arenas, but you putting on a show.
I been trynna change life around for everyone I know.
Cause if I don't share the wealth, then how the fuck we supposed to grow.

Chain smoking in the house it's hard to breathe.
I used to have to hit my T's with Febreeze.
Jordan pull up in the TL now I'm cheese.
I'mma turn this TSX to a Benz soon.

150 inch screen in my bedroom.
6'1" man that nigga need some leg room.
Shit ain't been the same like before.
They ain't even wanna look up at the score.

And she texting purple hearts cause she know we at war.
Niggas keep reaching and dissin'.
Can't afford mistakes, not on this end.
Make me call my bros for assistance.

