
This is all God's doing man you can't plan it.
But if the devil's in the details then I'm satanic.
Bout to take over your city and you can't stand it.
My accountant say you sinking like the Titanic.

I get the hits like somebody pitching underhanded.
Got my Spanish ting convinced that I know Spanish.
Really when she get to talking I don't understand it.
You ain't own it right away, you had to wait on niggas.

Plus I never met nobody from my label nigga.
I just pop up with the music then they pay a nigga.
Shit ain't been the same like before.
I still love it but I used to love it more.

And she texting purple hearts cause she know we at war, yeah.

Niggas keep reaching and dissin'.
Can't afford mistakes, not on this end.
Make me call my bros for assistance.
You gon make me call my bros for assistance.

Put me in a fucked up position.
You gon make me call my bros, for assistance.
Make me call my bro.

Baby I'm a savage I ain't romantic.
When I come around these rappers niggas start to panic.
And they pockets going under like the Titanic.
Got some head last night and it was outstanding'.

She was playing with me then but she waitin' now.
Used to sleep inside a den I got acres now.
I was fighting niggas then but I'm spraying now (blasting).
I don't pay no mind to no sneak diss.

Niggas takin' cheap shots on some cheap shit.
They the type to stand in line for some free shit.
Babygirl gon suck it til her jaws locked.
She gon' make me put my bitch on call block.

We the one droppin', niggas we the ones.
They the ones duckin' when them heaters come.
You that nigga snitchin' on your people huh.
21 savage aka the reaper huh.


Niggas keep reaching and dissin'.
Can't afford mistakes, not on this end.
Make me call my bros for assistance.
You gon make me call my bros for assistance.

Put me in all fucked up position.
Make me call my bros, for assistance.
Make me call my bro.

I dont need love I'm the goat.
I just hit the beat and float.
And I'm selling out arenas, but you putting on a show.
I been trynna change life around for everyone I know.

Mom's stressed theres a lot of things we need.
Chain smoking in the house it's hard to breathe.
I used to have to hit my T's with Febreeze.
Jordan pull up in the TL now I'm cheese.

I'mma see a lot of blessings for my friends soon.
150 inch screen in my bedroom.
6'1" man that nigga need some leg room.
Shit ain't been the same like before.

Face time with my shawty on tour.
And she texting purple hearts cause she know we at war.

Niggas keep reaching and dissin'.
Can't afford mistakes, not on this end.
Make me call my bros for assistance.
You gon make me call my bros for assistance.

